Easily enable the Redis and Postgres integrations (#324)
DataDog/heroku-buildpack-datadog: README.md

## Enabling integrations

### Enabling the Datadog Redis integration

If you are using a Redis addon in your Heroku application (for example, Heroku Data for Redis or Redis Enterprise Cloud), you can easily enable the Datadog Redis integration by setting an envionment variable:

```
heroku config:set ENABLE_HEROKU_REDIS=true
```

> By default, this integration assumes the Redis connection URL is defined in an environement variable called `REDIS_URL` (this is default for Heroku Data for Redis and other addons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this integration assumes the Redis connection URL is defined in an environment variable called `REDIS_URL` (this is the default configuration for Heroku Data for Redis and other Redis add-ons).
```

Reviewer: Let me know if the changes here interfere with the intended meaning.

> If your connection URL is defined in a different environment variable, set the `REDIS_URL_VAR` environment variable to the name of the variable name. For example, if you're using Redis Enterprise Cloud, set it to "REDISCLOUD_URL":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your connection URL is defined in a different environment variable, set the `REDIS_URL_VAR` environment variable to the variable name. For example, if you're using Redis Enterprise Cloud, set it to `REDISCLOUD_URL`:
```

```
heroku config:set REDIS_URL_VAR=REDISCLOUD_URL
```

### Enabling the Datadog Postgres integration

> If you are using a Postgres addon in your Heroku application (for example, Heroku Postgres), you can easily enable the Datadog Postgres integration by setting an envionment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a Postgres add-on in your Heroku application (for example, Heroku Postgres), you can enable the Datadog Postgres integration by setting an environment variable:
```

```
heroku config:set ENABLE_HEROKU_POSTGRES=true
```

> By default, this integration assumes the Postgres connection URL is defined in an environement variable called `DATABASE_URL` (this is default for Heroku Postgres and other addons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this integration assumes the Postgres connection URL is defined in an environment variable called `DATABASE_URL` (this is the default configuration for Heroku Postgres and other Postgres add-ons).
```

> If your connection URL is defined in a different environment variable, set the `POSTGRES_URL_VAR` environment variable to the name of the variable name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your connection URL is defined in a different environment variable, set the `POSTGRES_URL_VAR` environment variable to the variable name.
```
